There's nothing rich folks love more
Than going downtown and slummin' it with the poor
They pull up in their characters and gawk
at the students in their common just to watch them talk
Take Phillip Schuyler the man is loaded
uh oh but little does he know that his daughters
peggy angelica eliza sneak into the city just to watch all the guys

(Work! Work!)
Angelica, Eliza, and Peggy!
The Schuyler sisters
Angelica, Peggy, Eliza!
Work!

Daddy said to be home by sundown
Daddy doesn't need to know
Daddy said not to go downtown
Like, I said you're free to go, but look around, look around the revolution's happening in New York
(Angelica, Work!)

It's bad enough that he wants to go to war
People were shouting in the square
It's bad enough there'll be violence on our shore
New ideas in the air
Look around, look around,
Angelica remind me what we're looking for?
(She's looking for me!)
Eliza, I'm looking a mind at work
I'm looking for a mind at work
I'm looking for a mind at work
Woah woah woah woah work!

Woo! There's nothing like summer in the city
Someone in a rush next to someone looking pretty
Excuse me miss, I know it's not funny, but your perfume smells like your daddy's got money
but you're slummin' in the city with your fancy heels
you're searching for an urchin that will feed you ideals

Burr, you disgust me...

Ah, so you've discussed me?
I'm a trust fund baby, you can trust me

I've been reading Common Sense by Thomas Paine
Some may say that I'm intense or I'm insane
You want a revolution? I want a revelation!
So, listen to my declaration:
"We hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal"
And when I meet Thomas Jefferson
I'm a' compel him to include women in the sequel, work!

Look around, look around, at how lucky we are to be alive right now
Look around, look around at how lucky we are to be alive right now
History is happening in Manhattan and we just happen to be in the greatest city in world!
In the greatest city in the world!

I've been reading Common Sense by Thomas Paine
Some may say that I'm intense or I'm insane
You want a revolution? I want a revelation!
So, listen to my declaration:
"We hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal"

[simultaneously]
Look around, look around
the revolution is happening in new york!
Look around look around the revolutions happening in new york!
look around look around at how lucky we are to be alive right now!

Look around look around at how lucky we are to be alive right now!
History is happening in Manhattan and we just happen to be in the greatest city in the world!
The greatest city in the world!

(Work! Work!)
Angelica, Eliza, and Peggy!
The Schuyler sisters!
We're looking for a mind and work!
Hey, hey

The greatest city in the, greatest city in the world!
(The greatest city in the world!)
